["Revise the national tourist card system and change its name to the annual leave gold card or public employee consumption card_1. Preface The \"National Tourist Card\" system created in 2003, in addition to encouraging public servants to take vacations, also has the connotation of saving the national treasury. Although the intention is good, the actual application of this credit card not only infringes on the relevant rights and interests of public servants, but also because of the particularity of consumption (\"special shop\" and other systems), the general public misunderstands that it is a privilege system for public servants. , and revise relevant regulations so that the interests of the country, users and the people can be maximized. 2. Lack of the current system (1) Rigid leave rules In order to meet relevant regulations, applicants often need to apply for consolation leave (or vacation without salary deduction, annual leave) in conjunction with consecutive holidays to extend the period of use of the China Travel Card. (2) Complicated claiming rules In addition to the above-mentioned regulations on continuous holidays, there are also special restrictions on spending in the travel industry, hotel industry, and tourism and leisure industries for a limited period of time. In order to make effective use of money, many public servants have to take half a day of annual leave before consecutive holidays and spend at bakeries attached to major hotels to comply with the relevant claiming rules. (3) The way of consumption violates human nature. In order to comply with the current regulations of \"asking for leave \u2192 consumption \u2192 requesting money\", the applicant must first plan the consumption date, consumption type, and consumption amount, and then apply for payment smoothly after the plan is executed. However, ordinary people may encounter the items they want to consume at any unspecified time. (4) The system design does not meet the actual needs. The original purpose of the national tourist card was to promote non-holiday sightseeing activities through public officials. However, public officials often cannot help themselves when they take vacations. The national travel card itineraries launched by special stores are often suspected of forced consumption. According to statistics, since the introduction of the national tourist card, consumption directly related to tourism has only been 20% to 35%. This shows that the current system does not meet the actual consumption demand. (5) Specially-contracted stores seeking profits from specific stores There are already hundreds of types of special-designated shops. For example, restaurants, oil products, tires, beauty care, clothing, sporting goods, catering, business circles, etc., can all be designated as designated shops for the National Tourist Card as long as the application is approved.", "Formulate the Information Basic Law and set up a government agency in charge of information management to integrate government information development, information security management and industry support, and regain Taiwan's information national strength_Software is eating the world. In the past ten years, among the top ten companies by market capitalization in the world, software companies have gone from one to four. Apple, the world\u2019s largest market capitalization company, reported its first quarter 2016 fiscal year results showing that iPhone sales had almost zero growth, but revenue from software value-added services such as iTunes and the App Store grew by 26% compared to the previous year. Technological innovation is the key to future economic and social development. From big data to artificial intelligence and robots, it is impossible to develop without information software. We need to seize the huge opportunities brought about by the rapid development of science and technology, inject impetus into Taiwan's economy, and open up opportunities for young people. At present, Taiwan's technological development lacks an integrated strategy, and the government has not set up any entity in charge of the government, and only stays at the implementation level. In contrast, neighboring rivals with strong development of information capabilities: South Korea has a \"Ministry of Technology, Information and Future\", Singapore has a \"Ministry of Communications and Information\", and mainland China has a \"Ministry of Industry and Information Technology\". The government should be \"citizen-centric\" in its governance, but in fact the feelings of the people are completely different. Taking the common livelihood event of buying a house and moving house as an example, where is the single service window centered on the citizens? If there is no money to hire a secretary, the people still have to travel between tax offices, land affairs offices, household registration offices, water and electricity, gas, telecommunications and other agencies. What is the reason? At present, the Executive Yuan does not have an entity responsible for information integration. As long as it involves inter-ministerial business division of labor and process coordination, it is difficult to move forward. Take domestic violence prevention related to social justice as an example. After the court issued a protection order for a domestic violence incident, the vulnerable victims who were protected by the protection order were repeatedly killed or injured by the perpetrator. The protection order was like waste paper, which seriously damaged the reputation of the country. In foreign countries (such as the United States), the courts have used technology to order the perpetrators to wear electronic monitoring equipment to prevent vicious domestic violence perpetrators. The promotion of this new type of business involves the revision of laws and regulations and business process changes of multiple ministries and committees. Although the information department has countermeasures and suggestions for improvement, it is difficult to coordinate the cross-department promotion of the business department due to the limited authority of the staff unit. In addition, observing the growth and decline of my country's government information budget investment, the ratio of the government information budget to the total public affairs budget has dropped from 0.84% \u200b\u200bin 2010 to 0.60% in 2014, showing a downward trend year by year. On the other hand, looking at the US information budget, the 2014 information budget accounted for 2.17% of the total US federal government budget. The government talks extravagantly about enhancing Taiwan's information international competitiveness, but the information budget allocation is decreasing year by year. Since the 1980s, the government has comprehensively promoted the information outsourcing policy, tightening the information units and manpower of government agencies, but ignoring the risks and costs of information outsourcing and the price of the disappearance of government core knowledge. Excessive outsourcing has gradually transformed the personnel of the government information department from technical personnel into information procurement administrative personnel, losing control and confidence in the software system, and posing serious information security risks to the government. Nowadays, various government policies are highly dependent on automation, and the information department plays a crucial role in the agency. However, in the system design of the reorganization of the government, not only did the government not set up information authorities at the ministerial level, but it also stipulated that the third and fourth-level agencies (that is, the department, bureau, and division levels) should not set up information units or personnel in principle. This regulation obviously violates common sense. As Taiwan's technology industry is under the threat of being replaced by a red supply chain, we cannot wait any longer to formulate the Information Basic Law, regain Taiwan's national strength in information, establish a national entity in charge of information, implement the people-centered governance philosophy, and save the development of Taiwan's information industry.", "Create a national militia and open up guns_The national army is the reserve military force of each state in the United States. Because the sovereignty of each state is shared with the federal government of the United States, the state government can set up an army. Recognized by the federal government regardless of conversion to active duty. Soldiers are all militiamen, usually engaged in all walks of life, the banner is divided into two, there is the US Army National Guard and the US Air Force National Guard, which are the reserves of the Army and Air Force respectively. The National Guard was created by Title 10 of the United States Code and Title 32 of the United States Code as the first line of defense in the United States. It is scattered throughout the states and other national territories and is under the command of the governor or militia commander. In case of emergencies and disasters such as wind disasters, floods or earthquakes, the governor or militia commander can order the National Guard to be summoned. During the Vietnam War, the National Guard did not need to serve abroad, but only needed to defend the United States. After the Vietnam War, the United States did not actually implement conscription. Given the disparity in national and military power between the two sides of the Taiwan Strait and the political needs of the CCP\u2019s ruling class, the chances of the CCP\u2019s People\u2019s Liberation Army attacking Taiwan by force have greatly increased. The People's Liberation Army has two million standing soldiers, and the National Army has 190,000 standing soldiers. Moreover, our country's reserve soldiers have long lacked organizational strength, insufficient mobilization speed, unfamiliar defense tactics, and insufficient familiarity with weapons. In contrast to China, with the improvement of the high-speed rail network, the speed of mobilization of troops has greatly increased, and in recent years, efforts have been made to increase the number of ships, and the ability to project seas cannot be underestimated. Sun Tzu said: \"In the past, those who were good fighters were invincible first, and waited for the enemy to be victorious.\" Therefore, our country should increase its physical strength as soon as possible to reduce the asymmetry between the two sides of the Taiwan Strait. According to a recent poll, nearly 70% of respondents in our country are willing to fight for Taiwan under the coercion of China's military reunification. Therefore, Chinese people do not lack the fighting will to defend their homeland, but what they lack is the method of converting the people's fighting will into fighting power, so this case is proposed. The specific methods are as follows: Allow Chinese people to organize the national militia spontaneously. During times of peace, the militia organized and managed itself, and the militia could receive tactical guidance and supervision from military trainers; during wartime, the militia was commanded by the national army. The training content of the national army is not to become an elite, but to become a defensive and solid combat force. Therefore, there is no need to impose physical training, and the focus is on the use of ordnance skills and stronghold defense tactics. National militias in various regions focus on defending local areas. The old ordnance replaced by the national army can provide the basic armed forces of the national soldiers. National soldiers can purchase ordnance at their own expense and upgrade their weapons by themselves. Designate specific areas for military training. The guns and ammunition used by the militia need to be managed in a booklet. After the training, all of them are kept by the military and police agencies and cannot be brought into the society. National soldier training does not require public holidays and does not affect normal work. In case of a disaster, the National Guard needs to be mobilized. During the mobilization period, the local county and city government will issue salary compensation. The militia is voluntary and does not receive state salaries for normal training. Citizens voluntarily join the national army to pay for the people of the country. Therefore, the obligations that ordinary citizens need to bear (such as taxes) should be heavily reduced and exempted, and social welfare distribution (such as public babysitters, social housing) should have priority to a certain extent. It is the right of citizens to defend the country spontaneously, so both men and women can participate. If the national soldiers have special military exploits, they should be compared with the standing service, and they can be awarded medals and receive a lifetime salary. Purpose: national defense of the whole people. In the new cold war situation in the world, East Asia has become the world\u2019s most dangerous gunpowder depot. In particular, Taiwan can be said to be deeply in the center of the storm. There is the crisis between the two Koreas in the North, the South China Sea dispute in the South, and even the military reunification issue from China. The arms race has become a dead end for Taiwan. Therefore, I suggest national defense to prolong the time that Taiwan can resist the People's Liberation Army, until the military forces dominated by the United States come to the rescue. Approach: Open the guns Let\u2019s take the US and Russian troops on the Syrian battlefield as an example. Let\u2019s not discuss the moral and justice issues first. Let\u2019s just discuss the \u201ccombat\u201d aspect. Although ISIS is mostly infantry, they have a large number of soldiers and each has a strong sense of combat. There is a natural barrier between Taiwan and China, the Taiwan Strait. Even if the CCP obtains control of the sea and air in the Taiwan Strait, it still needs to transport the People\u2019s Liberation Army ashore to actually occupy Taiwan. This gives the Taiwanese people a chance to resist. As long as Taiwan allows the people to have the right to guns, the people of Taiwan can quickly assemble a large number of troops anywhere to resist foreign aggression during wartime. At this time, as long as the People's Liberation Army does not use weapons of mass destruction, it will take more time to occupy Taiwan's main island. What's more, after the opening of guns, the purchase cost of guns can be borne by the people themselves to reduce military expenditures in the national treasury. What's more, Taiwan's light industry technology is already very good, and it may even be possible to sell high-quality guns to earn foreign exchange after opening up guns."]